Skip to content

[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/CocaColaConsolidated/)[Twitter](https://twitter.com/CokeCCBCC)[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/cocacolaconsolidated/)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cocacolaconsolidated)

[ ![Coca-Cola Consolidated Logo](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Coke-
Consolidated-Primary-Logo.png) ![Coca-Cola Consolidated Logo](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/Coke-Consolidated-Primary-Logo.png)
](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/)

Search for:

  * [About Us](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/about-us/)
  * [Customers __](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/customers/)
    * [Online Payment Portal](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/online-payment-portal/)
    * [ Order Products](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/order-products/)
    * [Equipment Services](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/equipment-services/)
  * [Community](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/community/)
  * [Sustainability](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/sustainability/)
  * [Careers](http://work4coke.com)
  * [Investor Relations](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/investor-relations/)
  * [Newsroom](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/newsroom/)
  * [Contact](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/contact/)

  * [About Us](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/about-us/)
  * [Customers ](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/customers/)
    * [Online Payment Portal](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/online-payment-portal/)
    * [Order Products](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/order-products/)
    * [Equipment Services](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/equipment-services/)
  * [Community](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/community/)
  * [Sustainability](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/sustainability/)
  * [Careers](http://work4coke.com)
  * [Investor Relations](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/investor-relations/)
  * [Newsroom](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/newsroom/)
  * [Contact](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/contact/)

## Closing the Loop at Nissan Stadium

Published On: November 21, 2022Categories:
[Sustainability](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/category/sustainability/)

Coca-Cola Consolidated is committed to creating innovative solutions to
capture our bottles and cans to be remade. That’s why we collaborated with the
Tennessee Titans, Kroger and leaders in the sustainability space to use a
mobile recycling facility (MRF) to sort material onsite at Nissan Stadium
during the October 24 home game.

Tailgaters received recycling bags in areas around the stadium and fans were
rewarded with $10 gift cards for recycling.  Material captured at the game was
sorted on site by the Roadie collecting more than 40,000 plastic bottles and
59,000 aluminum cans. The use of this innovative technology is one more step
to ensure our bottles and cans stay clean increasing recyclability rates.

“Coca-Cola Consolidated invests in collaborations with partners like the
Tennessee Titans and Kroger as part of our Refresh Recycle Renew
sustainability initiative,” said Todd Marty, Senior Director of Sustainability
at Coca-Cola Consolidated. “We’re committed to developing industry-leading
solutions for recycling by utilizing tools like the Roadie to ensure our
bottles and cans are made into new packaging.”

The Roadie, by Revolution Systems, is a mobile sorting platform for single-
stream recyclables designed to make sorting of single-stream recyclables
convenient, sustainable and affordable.

“We are proud to collaborate with key industry stakeholders to operationalize
a more resilient recycling system,” said Jessica Long, Chief Strategy Officer
at [Closed Loop Partners.](https://www.closedlooppartners.com/) “We look
forward to the continued impact the Roadie can have on the entire recycling
supply chain, as it helps expand the supply of recyclable materials in
circulation and advance the circular economy.”

In addition to creating a solid recycling stream, the mobile MRF provides
educational opportunities for our partners and consumers.

Through education efforts, the cultivation of recycling relationships with our
customers and optimization of our own distribution networks, we’re seeing
barriers to capturing recyclable materials come down with more recyclable
material being remade into new bottles and cans!

#### Share this story!

[
__](https://www.facebook.com/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cokeconsolidated.com%2F2022%2F11%2F21%2Fclosing-
the-loop-at-nissan-stadium%2F&t=Closing%20the%20Loop%20at%20Nissan%20Stadium)[
__](https://twitter.com/share?text=Closing%20the%20Loop%20at%20Nissan%20Stadium&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cokeconsolidated.com%2F2022%2F11%2F21%2Fclosing-
the-loop-at-nissan-stadium%2F)[
__](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cokeconsolidated.com%2F2022%2F11%2F21%2Fclosing-
the-loop-at-nissan-
stadium%2F&title=Closing%20the%20Loop%20at%20Nissan%20Stadium&summary=Coca-
Cola%20Consolidated%20is%20committed%20to%20creating%20innovative%20solutions%20to%20capture%20our%20bottles%20and%20cans%20to%20be%20remade.%20That%E2%80%99s%20why%20we%20collaborated%20with%20the%20Tennessee%20Titans%2C%20Kroger%20and%20leaders%20in%20the%20sustainability%20space%20to%20use%20a%20mobile%20recycling%20facility%20%28MRF%29%20to%20sort%20material%20onsite%20at%20Nissan%20Stadium%20during%20the%20October%2024%20home%20game.%0D%0A%0D%0ATailgaters%20received%20recycling)[
__](mailto:?subject=Closing%20the%20Loop%20at%20Nissan%20Stadium&body=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cokeconsolidated.com%2F2022%2F11%2F21%2Fclosing-
the-loop-at-nissan-stadium%2F)

###  **Categories**

[Community Engagement](/category/community-engagement/)  
[Company News](/category/company-news/)  
[Sustainability](/category/sustainability/)

### **Recent Posts**

  * [![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/20230919_POLITICO-FF_0331-700x441.jpg)](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/2023/11/29/local-bottlers-impact-the-american-economy/)

[Jonathan Wadsworth](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/author/jonathan/ "Posts
by Jonathan Wadsworth")2023-11-29T11:54:46-05:00

#### [Local Bottlers Impact the American
Economy](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/2023/11/29/local-bottlers-impact-
the-american-economy/)

  * [![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/DSC_0871-700x441.jpeg)](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/2023/11/21/baltimore-ravens-and-coca-cola-consolidated-team-up-for-tree-planting-event/)

[Bronte Johnson](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/author/bronte/ "Posts by
Bronte Johnson")2023-11-21T10:53:26-05:00

#### [Baltimore Ravens and Coke Consolidated Team Up for Tree-Planting
Event](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/2023/11/21/baltimore-ravens-and-coca-
cola-consolidated-team-up-for-tree-planting-event/)

  * [![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/2Jimmy_Scout_Recycle_-700x441.jpg)](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/2023/11/15/boy-scout-exemplifies-commitment-to-environment-on-america-recycles-day/)

[Bronte Johnson](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/author/bronte/ "Posts by
Bronte Johnson")2023-11-15T09:34:10-05:00

#### [Boy Scout Exemplifies Commitment to Environment on America Recycles
Day](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/2023/11/15/boy-scout-exemplifies-
commitment-to-environment-on-america-recycles-day/)

![](/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Coke-Consolidated-White-Grayscale-Logo-
PNG.png)

Coca-Cola Consolidated is the largest Coca-Cola bottler in the United States.
The Company operates in the Southeast, Midwest, and Mid-Atlantic portion of
the United States, with corporate offices located in Charlotte, North
Carolina.

4100 Coca-Cola Plaza, Charlotte, NC 28211 | 800-866-COKE (2653)

[](https://www.facebook.com/CocaColaConsolidated/)[](https://twitter.com/CokeCCBCC)[](https://www.instagram.com/cocacolaconsolidated/)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cocacolaconsolidated)

[About Us](/about-us/)  
[Customers](/customers/)  
[Communities](/community/)  
[Careers](https://www.work4coke.com)  
[Newsroom](/newsroom/)  
[Red Classic](https://www.redclassic.com/)  
[Data Ventures](https://www.dataventures.com/)  
[Privacy Policy](/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/Consolidated-Privacy-Policy-
FINAL-6-23-23.pdf)

© 2023 The Coca-Cola Company, all rights reserved. Coca-Cola ®, “Open
Happiness”, and the Contour Bottle are registered trademarks of The Coca-Cola
Company.

Page load link

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=4836482&fmt=gif)

Go to Top

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=639886518035729&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

