Skip to content

[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/CocaColaConsolidated/)[Twitter](https://twitter.com/CokeCCBCC)[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/cocacolaconsolidated/)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cocacolaconsolidated)

[ ![Coca-Cola Consolidated Logo](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Coke-
Consolidated-Primary-Logo.png) ![Coca-Cola Consolidated Logo](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/Coke-Consolidated-Primary-Logo.png)
](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/)

Search for:

  * [About Us](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/about-us/)
  * [Customers __](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/customers/)
    * [Online Payment Portal](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/online-payment-portal/)
    * [ Order Products](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/order-products/)
    * [Equipment Services](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/equipment-services/)
  * [Community](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/community/)
  * [Sustainability](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/sustainability/)
  * [Careers](http://work4coke.com)
  * [Investor Relations](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/investor-relations/)
  * [Newsroom](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/newsroom/)
  * [Contact](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/contact/)

  * [About Us](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/about-us/)
  * [Customers ](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/customers/)
    * [Online Payment Portal](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/online-payment-portal/)
    * [Order Products](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/order-products/)
    * [Equipment Services](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/equipment-services/)
  * [Community](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/community/)
  * [Sustainability](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/sustainability/)
  * [Careers](http://work4coke.com)
  * [Investor Relations](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/investor-relations/)
  * [Newsroom](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/newsroom/)
  * [Contact](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/contact/)

## Coca-Cola Consolidated teams up with Indiana University to prevent
unrecycled plastic waste

Published On: December 13, 2022Categories:
[Sustainability](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/category/sustainability/)

IU students and community members recently came together and collected more
than 1,600 pounds of recyclables as part of a partnership with Coca-Cola
Consolidated, aiming to lower the amount of unrecycled plastic waste.

Following the IU versus University of Michigan football game on Oct. 8, a
group of students and community members collected plastic and aluminum waste
for two hours. The collected bottles and cans were inserted into The Roadie,
created by Revolution at Closed Loop Partners, a mobile, on-site sorting
system easily transported around the country to high traffic areas – sporting
events, concerts, outdoor venues – to cut transportation costs of recycling
centers.

Coca-Cola Consolidated partnered with the IU Office of Business Partnerships,
IU Athletics and IU Sustainability, to bring The Roadie to the IU Bloomington
campus. IU Memorial Stadium has the capacity to seat over 52,000 fans and
after the game is over, the leftover waste is substantial.

“We are grateful for the collaboration between IU Sustainability, IU
Athletics, Facilities, and Coca-Cola Consolidated to assess the amount of
recyclable product produced at a single football game and to glean greater
insight into IU’s sustainability efforts,” said Val Gill, associate vice
president of business partnerships at IU.

In total, the group collected 1,625 lbs. of waste which included 14,040
polyethylene terephthalate bottles and 21,049 aluminum cans. The Roadie sorted
and consolidated the collected debris and ended with 991 lbs. of recyclable
material which was directly transported to a recycling center.

Part of Coca-Cola Consolidated’s mission is for their product packaging to be
100 percent recyclable material. Polyethylene terephthalate (PET) is a clear,
strong, lightweight plastic created to be recyclable, versatile and was
created to be reused. Plastic from the collected bottles is sent back to Coca-
Cola Consolidated to be upcycled into new bottles.

“Coca-Cola Consolidated invests in collaborations with partners like Indiana
University as part of our [Refresh Recycle Renew sustainability
initiative](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/sustainability/),” said Todd
Marty, senior director of sustainability at Coca-Cola Consolidated. “We’re
committed to developing industry-leading solutions for recycling, like the
Roadie, ensuring that our bottles and cans are made into new packaging.”

[![](/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/IMAGE_IU-Roadie-2-scaled.jpg)](/wp-
content/uploads/2022/12/IMAGE_IU-Roadie-2-scaled.jpg)

[![](/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/IMAGE_IU-Roadie-1-scaled.jpg)](/wp-
content/uploads/2022/12/IMAGE_IU-Roadie-1-scaled.jpg)

#### Share this story!

[
__](https://www.facebook.com/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cokeconsolidated.com%2F2022%2F12%2F13%2Fcoca-
cola-consolidated-teams-up-with-indiana-university-to-prevent-unrecycled-
plastic-waste%2F&t=Coca-
Cola%20Consolidated%20teams%20up%20with%20Indiana%20University%20to%20prevent%20unrecycled%20plastic%20waste)[
__](https://twitter.com/share?text=Coca-
Cola%20Consolidated%20teams%20up%20with%20Indiana%20University%20to%20prevent%20unrecycled%20plastic%20waste&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cokeconsolidated.com%2F2022%2F12%2F13%2Fcoca-
cola-consolidated-teams-up-with-indiana-university-to-prevent-unrecycled-
plastic-waste%2F)[
__](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cokeconsolidated.com%2F2022%2F12%2F13%2Fcoca-
cola-consolidated-teams-up-with-indiana-university-to-prevent-unrecycled-
plastic-waste%2F&title=Coca-
Cola%20Consolidated%20teams%20up%20with%20Indiana%20University%20to%20prevent%20unrecycled%20plastic%20waste&summary=IU%20students%20and%20community%20members%20recently%20came%20together%20and%20collected%20more%20than%201%2C600%20pounds%20of%20recyclables%20as%20part%20of%20a%20partnership%20with%20Coca-
Cola%20Consolidated%2C%20aiming%20to%20lower%20the%20amount%20of%20unrecycled%20plastic%20waste.%0D%0A%0D%0AFollowing%20the%20IU%20versus%20University%20of%20Michigan%20football%20game%20on%20Oct.%208%2C%20a%20group%20of%20students%20and%20community%20members%20collected%20plastic%20and%20aluminum)[
__](mailto:?subject=Coca-
Cola%20Consolidated%20teams%20up%20with%20Indiana%20University%20to%20prevent%20unrecycled%20plastic%20waste&body=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cokeconsolidated.com%2F2022%2F12%2F13%2Fcoca-
cola-consolidated-teams-up-with-indiana-university-to-prevent-unrecycled-
plastic-waste%2F)

###  **Categories**

[Community Engagement](/category/community-engagement/)  
[Company News](/category/company-news/)  
[Sustainability](/category/sustainability/)

### **Recent Posts**

  * [![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/20230919_POLITICO-FF_0331-700x441.jpg)](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/2023/11/29/local-bottlers-impact-the-american-economy/)

[Jonathan Wadsworth](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/author/jonathan/ "Posts
by Jonathan Wadsworth")2023-11-29T11:54:46-05:00

#### [Local Bottlers Impact the American
Economy](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/2023/11/29/local-bottlers-impact-
the-american-economy/)

  * [![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/DSC_0871-700x441.jpeg)](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/2023/11/21/baltimore-ravens-and-coca-cola-consolidated-team-up-for-tree-planting-event/)

[Bronte Johnson](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/author/bronte/ "Posts by
Bronte Johnson")2023-11-21T10:53:26-05:00

#### [Baltimore Ravens and Coke Consolidated Team Up for Tree-Planting
Event](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/2023/11/21/baltimore-ravens-and-coca-
cola-consolidated-team-up-for-tree-planting-event/)

  * [![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/2Jimmy_Scout_Recycle_-700x441.jpg)](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/2023/11/15/boy-scout-exemplifies-commitment-to-environment-on-america-recycles-day/)

[Bronte Johnson](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/author/bronte/ "Posts by
Bronte Johnson")2023-11-15T09:34:10-05:00

#### [Boy Scout Exemplifies Commitment to Environment on America Recycles
Day](https://www.cokeconsolidated.com/2023/11/15/boy-scout-exemplifies-
commitment-to-environment-on-america-recycles-day/)

![](/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Coke-Consolidated-White-Grayscale-Logo-
PNG.png)

Coca-Cola Consolidated is the largest Coca-Cola bottler in the United States.
The Company operates in the Southeast, Midwest, and Mid-Atlantic portion of
the United States, with corporate offices located in Charlotte, North
Carolina.

4100 Coca-Cola Plaza, Charlotte, NC 28211 | 800-866-COKE (2653)

[](https://www.facebook.com/CocaColaConsolidated/)[](https://twitter.com/CokeCCBCC)[](https://www.instagram.com/cocacolaconsolidated/)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cocacolaconsolidated)

[About Us](/about-us/)  
[Customers](/customers/)  
[Communities](/community/)  
[Careers](https://www.work4coke.com)  
[Newsroom](/newsroom/)  
[Red Classic](https://www.redclassic.com/)  
[Data Ventures](https://www.dataventures.com/)  
[Privacy Policy](/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/Consolidated-Privacy-Policy-
FINAL-6-23-23.pdf)

© 2023 The Coca-Cola Company, all rights reserved. Coca-Cola ®, “Open
Happiness”, and the Contour Bottle are registered trademarks of The Coca-Cola
Company.

Page load link

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=4836482&fmt=gif)

Go to Top

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=639886518035729&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

